build: Prepare 0.6.2 release (#1044)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

⭐️ Environments: logged-in users without developer access can launch interactive sessions from a project.

⭐️ Environments: interactive sessions can be enabled for logged-out users. Please see the
  `documentation <https://renku.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/anonymous-sessions.html>`__ for details.

Notable improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

🚄 Datasets: dataset creation and import unified in the UI

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> * Datasets now show file listing with folder hierarchy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Datasets now include the folder hierarchy in file listings
```

> * Datasets: avoid recursive addition of data directory in Renku CLI

Reviewer: I would suggest "of data directories" or "of the data directory". Not sure which version is actually the correct one for this change.

> * Datasets: fixed export to Dataverse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Datasets: fix export to Dataverse
```

* Datasets: fix metadata commit after `renku dataset unlink`
* Environments: improve styling
* Hiding/showing code cells is now possible from the UI

Miscellaneous
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - A maintenance page can now be displayed for when Renkulab is undergoing an scheduled maintenance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A maintenance page can now be displayed for when Renkulab is undergoing a scheduled maintenance
```

> - Help page and dropdown contain links to Renku and Renku CLI Docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help page and dropdown contain links to Renku and Renku CLI docs
```

> - Easy UI access to Gitlab, user settings and user profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Easy UI access to user settings and user profile on Gitlab
```

- Python environments now include a plugin to monitor memory usage visually
- A new Renku docker image with `Julia <https://julialang.org/>`__ is now available. 📣 To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with `FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-julia1.3.1-0.6.2`
- The Tensorboard Renku docker image with Cuda and `Tensorflow 1.14 <https://www.tensorflow.org/>`__ is now available with the latest Renku `0.10.3`. To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with `FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-cuda10.0-tf1.14-0.6.2`
- Docker images in project templates use Renku `0.10.3 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-python/releases/tag/0.10.3>`__

Individual components
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For changes to individual components, check:

* renku ui `0.9.2 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/releases/tag/0.9.2>`__

> * renku-notebooks `0.7.2 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-notebooks/releases/tag/0.7.2>`__

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* renku-notebooks `0.7.3 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-notebooks/releases/tag/0.7.3>`__
```

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

⭐️ Environments: logged-in users without developer access can launch interactive sessions from a project.

⭐️ Environments: interactive sessions can be enabled for logged-out users. Please see the
  `documentation <https://renku.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/anonymous-sessions.html>`__ for details.

⭐️ Hiding/showing code cells is now possible from the UI

Notable improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

🚄 Datasets: dataset creation and import unified in the UI

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

* Datasets now include the folder hierarchy in file listings
* Datasets: avoid recursive addition of the data directory in Renku CLI
* Datasets: fix export to Dataverse
* Datasets: fix metadata commit after `renku dataset unlink`
* Environments: improve styling

Miscellaneous
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- A maintenance page can now be displayed for when Renkulab is undergoing a scheduled maintenance 🔧
- Help page and dropdown contain links to Renku and Renku CLI documentation 📖
- Easy UI access to GitLab projects, user settings and user profile 👤
- Python environments now include a plugin to monitor memory usage visually 📈

> - A new Renku docker image with `Julia <https://julialang.org/>`__ is now available. 📣 To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with `FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-julia1.3.1-0.6.2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A new Renku docker image with `Julia <https://julialang.org/>`__ is now available. 📣 To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with ``FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-julia1.3.1-0.6.2``
```

> - The Tensorflow Renku docker image with Cuda and `Tensorflow 1.14 <https://www.tensorflow.org/>`__ is now available with the latest Renku `0.10.3`. To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with `FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-cuda10.0-tf1.14-0.6.2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Tensorflow Renku docker image with Cuda and `Tensorflow 1.14 <https://www.tensorflow.org/>`__ is now available with the latest Renku ``0.10.3``. To use it just replace the first line of your Dockerfile with ``FROM renku/renkulab:renku0.10.3-cuda10.0-tf1.14-0.6.2``
```
